Psalm 54 took a chief musician with
Psalm 54 took a chief musician with stringed instruments a contemplation of
stringed instruments a contemplation of
stringed instruments a contemplation of David when the ZIF Ides went and said to
David when the ZIF Ides went and said to
David when the ZIF Ides went and said to soul is David not hiding with us
save me O God by your name and vindicate
save me O God by your name and vindicate me by your strength hear my prayer O God
me by your strength hear my prayer O God
me by your strength hear my prayer O God if ear to the words of my mouth for
if ear to the words of my mouth for
if ear to the words of my mouth for strangers have risen up against me and
strangers have risen up against me and
strangers have risen up against me and oppressors have sought after my life
oppressors have sought after my life
oppressors have sought after my life they have not said God before them
they have not said God before them
they have not said God before them behold God is my helper the Lord is with
behold God is my helper the Lord is with
behold God is my helper the Lord is with those who uphold my life he will repay
those who uphold my life he will repay
those who uphold my life he will repay my enemies for their evil cut them off
my enemies for their evil cut them off
my enemies for their evil cut them off in your truth I will freely sacrifice to
in your truth I will freely sacrifice to
in your truth I will freely sacrifice to you I will praise your name o Lord for
you I will praise your name o Lord for
you I will praise your name o Lord for it is good for he has delivered me out
it is good for he has delivered me out
it is good for he has delivered me out of all trouble and my eye has seen its
of all trouble and my eye has seen its
of all trouble and my eye has seen its desire upon my enemies